Update advisors.md (#941)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/advisors.md

# Advisors 

> Percona Advisors provide automated insights and recommendations within Percona Monitoring and Management. These proactive insights help you uncover problems before they become larger issues (e.g., security posture, configuration, performance)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Advisors provide automated insights and recommendations within Percona Monitoring and Management. These proactive insights help you uncover problems before they become larger issues (e.g., security posture, configuration, performance).
```

> Advisor is a set of automated checks to investigate a specific case, and Advisors, before today, focused on Security, Configuration, and Performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Advisors offer a set of automated checks to investigate a broad range of possible issues. Previously, Advisors focused only on Security, Configuration, and Performance issues. 
```
